# eagrigorev-website-astro

I built this website myself. It is open-source and available on my
[GitHub](https://github.com/eagrigorev/eagrigorev-website-astro) page. Feel free
to fork it and explore!

## Technologies

I used TypeScript and the [Astro](https://astro.build/) framework as the core,
with native HTML and JavaScript for the front end. I really like Astro because
it allows me to organize the website structure without much effort spent on
routing and redirects. It's also very fast, serving pre-rendered pages with
almost zero load on the user side. The website is deployed on
[Vercel](https://vercel.com/), with automatic deployments pulled directly from
the master branch on GitHub. This is likely the only pipeline I use; everything
else is fairly manual, but I enjoy having control over every step of the
publishing process.

## Design

I also did the design and prototyping myself. The current design is a tribute to
my two favorite WordPress themes: Stills and Narrator by
[Paul Povoroznuk](https://www.instagram.com/ppovoroznuk/). Responsiveness is
handled by [Utopia](https://utopia.fyi/) scripts, which use clamp technology to
continuously recalculate font sizes and spacing relative to the user's screen
size. This keeps the proportions consistent and ensures the website looks good
on all devices.

## Fonts and Animations

The website uses Hanken Grotesk by [Hanken Design Co.](https://hanken.co/) I
prefer clean and uncluttered interfaces, so I only use the bare minimum of
vanilla JavaScript animations.

## Writing

My CMS consists of a collection of [MDX](https://mdxjs.com/) files. MDX is an
extended markdown format that allows the use of custom components and features.
Each MDX file has a meta section containing information about the post or page,
which is then read and converted into props for different components and pages.
