---
title: 'Now'
slug: 'now'
datePublished: 'August 23, 2025'
---

## August 2025

The summer was fun. I visited England for the second time in the last six months
before my visa expired and took a lot of photos. I'm mostly programming and
playing guitar these days. I started playing again recently after almost a year
of staying away from my guitar. I'm glad that I can find inspiration again.

## October 2024

October marked two years since I moved to Greece. There were both highs and
lows, but mostly highs. I've never felt so much purpose in my life or in what
I'm doing. I also had the chance to see my mother. She spent a couple of weeks
with me, and we could finally discuss everything in person. Unfortunately, my
father wasn't able to join us this year, but hopefully I'll see them both again
next year. After six months of studying, I finally got my driving license! I'm
not sure when I'll take my first trip, but hopefully I won't forget all the
skills I learned.

## August 2024

After two months of studying driving theory, I finally started taking lessons.
The idea of driving has always made me anxious — and still does — but after a
few lessons, I'm already feeling more comfortable. It even seems like I might
soon be ready to embark on my first adventure!

## May 2024

I began learning driving theory. After years of hesitation, I feel that I'm
finally ready to become more mobile and less reliant on buses. Depending on
public transportation has been a pretty exhausting experience.

## January 2024

I resumed working on my website. I decided to rewrite everything from scratch
and implement a new design. It took me quite a while to come up with something,
but at least the process has started. I'm also continuing my weekly calisthenics
training that I began at the end of November. My body hurts almost constantly,
but I enjoy the workouts.

I've been reading Haruki Murakami and Banana Yoshimoto. Last year, I started
re-reading everything I could get my hands on, and I plan to continue doing that
this year.
